feat: enable autoscaling on a given cluster (#138)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-base-ocp-vpc: examples/single_zone_cluster/README.md

> # Single Zone Cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Single zone cluster example
```

> This is an example of creating a single zone VPC Gen2 OpenShift cluster with cluster autoscaler addon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a VPC with a Red Hat OpenShift cluster in a single zone. The example includes autoscaling for the cluster.
```
Might not be exactly right, but we need to include Red Hat if we use OpenShift. I don't think gen2 is important, right?
